docs/index.md, before:

# Citric Composer
Welcome to the Citric Composer collection by Gota7 and Aqua-San!
Here you can find some useful tools for editing WiiU and 3ds sound.


# Downloads
[Citric Composer Installer](https://github.com/Gota7/Citric-Composer/blob/master/Citric%20Composer/Citric%20Installer.msi?raw=true) - An installer for the current version of Citric Composer, a WIP editor for B_SARs.

[Retsuko Sound Tool (Extractor/Injector)](https://github.com/Gota7/Citric-Composer/blob/master/Retsuko%20Sound%20Tool/Retsuko%20Sound%20Tool/bin/Debug/Retsuko%20Sound%20Tool.zip?raw=true) - For extracting and re-injecting files in a bfsar, bcsar, whatever. Just make sure the new files you want to add are less than or equal to the original files' file size.

[Koopa Harmony (Bahp)](https://github.com/Gota7/Citric-Composer/blob/master/Koopa%20Harmony/Koopa%20Harmony/bin/Debug/Koopa%20Harmony.zip?raw=true) - For editing koopa dance moves in NSMB2, and maybe other games that use bbid.

# File Specifications
[Common Structures](specs/common.md) - Common structures found throughout the sounc archive and its sub-files.

[Sequences (SEQ):(bfseq, bcseq)](specs/seq.md) - Sequences used to play SFX or music.

[Banks (BNK):(bfbnk, bcbnk)](specs/bnk.md) - Banks that contain instruments to use with sequences.

[Wave Archives (WAR):(bfwar, bcwar)](specs/war.md) - Wave archives used to store wave files.

[Groups (GRP):(bfgrp, bcgrp)](specs/grp.md) - Groups used to store a variety of files.

[Waves (WAV):(bfwav, bcwav)](specs/wav.md) - Waves that are used to play music and SFX.

# Credits
Aqua-San, Tools, Structure Docs
Nintendo, Structure Docs
Thealexbarney, Tools
Soneek, Tools
Libertyernie, Loop Panel
Wexos, Structure Docs
Steveice10, Structure Docs
TiniVi, Structure Docs
Hiccup, Structure Docs
Xcution, Structure Docs
Abood, Structure Docs

©2019 Gota7, Aqua-San, Thealexbarney, Soneek
(Everything But Some Images)

Commit message:

Add BWAV Documentation
BWAV support coming soon ;}

docs/index.md, after:

# Citric Composer
Welcome to the Citric Composer collection by Gota7 and Aqua-San!
Here you can find some useful tools for editing WiiU and 3ds sound.


# Downloads
[Citric Composer Installer](https://github.com/Gota7/Citric-Composer/blob/master/Citric%20Composer/Citric%20Installer.msi?raw=true) - An installer for the current version of Citric Composer, a WIP editor for B_SARs.

[Retsuko Sound Tool (Extractor/Injector)](https://github.com/Gota7/Citric-Composer/blob/master/Retsuko%20Sound%20Tool/Retsuko%20Sound%20Tool/bin/Debug/Retsuko%20Sound%20Tool.zip?raw=true) - For extracting and re-injecting files in a bfsar, bcsar, whatever. Just make sure the new files you want to add are less than or equal to the original files' file size.

[Koopa Harmony (Bahp)](https://github.com/Gota7/Citric-Composer/blob/master/Koopa%20Harmony/Koopa%20Harmony/bin/Debug/Koopa%20Harmony.zip?raw=true) - For editing koopa dance moves in NSMB2, and maybe other games that use bbid.

# File Specifications
[Common Structures](specs/common.md) - Common structures found throughout the sounc archive and its sub-files.

[Sequences (SEQ):(bfseq, bcseq)](specs/seq.md) - Sequences used to play SFX or music.

[Banks (BNK):(bfbnk, bcbnk)](specs/bnk.md) - Banks that contain instruments to use with sequences.

[Wave Archives (WAR):(bfwar, bcwar)](specs/war.md) - Wave archives used to store wave files.

[Groups (GRP):(bfgrp, bcgrp)](specs/grp.md) - Groups used to store a variety of files.

[Waves (WAV):(bfwav, bcwav)](specs/wav.md) - Waves that are used to play music and SFX.

[Binary Waves (BWAV):(bwav)](specs/binaryWav.md) - Waves that are used instead of streams in newer editions of the AAL library.

# Credits
Aqua-San, Tools, Structure Docs
Nintendo, Structure Docs
Thealexbarney, Tools
Soneek, Tools
Libertyernie, Loop Panel
Wexos, Structure Docs
Steveice10, Structure Docs
TiniVi, Structure Docs
Hiccup, Structure Docs
Xcution, Structure Docs
Abood, Structure Docs

©2019 Gota7, Aqua-San, Thealexbarney, Soneek
(Everything But Some Images)
